So for the most part, you're gonna have, you know, your middle off the
road, sailors that How do you break them out? The one you're gonna
spend some time writing these drops in writing the evaluations. So that's
what you need to spend more time on your top 1% on maybe your
whole. Before it was the middle bunch. You want to break them out, You
want to see what they give you for? Then put the more they give you
garbage, garbage in, garbage out. Say what? It is kind of there.
If they don't give you input again, you need to throw it back in the
cheese and cheese. Come on, I need some more important this may throw
a bash. It's your job. I have heard that. And so what? You Yeah,
it is my job. I'm telling you, get me some. So the road guys you want
to say solid sailor, solid performer that salt is not a cross obtainable
on the ex president solids. There are some other phrases in there
you can check the they will little writing guide. That means they
would have so useful wars and use it